Add default `editorconfig` feature (#645)
JohnnyMorganz/StyLua: README.md

### Finding the configuration

The CLI looks for `stylua.toml` or `.stylua.toml` in the directory where the tool was executed.

> If not found, the default configuration is used and it looks for `.editorconfig` in the current directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If not found, we search for an `.editorconfig` file, otherwise fall back to the default configuration.
```
